docs/SlickPresenterUni.md, before:

### Slick Unidirectional Data Flow and Immutable ViewState (UDFIVE)

To use this feature you need to pull its package and extend the `SlickPresenterUni<V, S>` :
```groovy
implementation 'com.mrezanasirloo:slick-reactive:x.x.x'
```

```java
public class YourPresenterUni extends SlickPresenterUni<ViewActivity, ViewStateActivity> {

    public YourPresenterUni(Scheduler main, Scheduler io) {
        super(main, io);
    }

    /**
    * This method is only called once
    */
    @Override
    protected void start(ViewActivity view) {
        
    }
	
    /**
    * Abstract method to update the view, It's called every time there's a new viewState and
    * on every onViewUp call to deliver the latest view state, e.g: screen orientation
    */
    @Override
    protected void render(@NonNull ViewStateActivity state, @NonNull ViewActivity view) {
        
    }
}
```
First of all! What is `ViewStateActivity`? It’s a simple Immutable POJO class that holds the view’s state, 
And it doesn't contains any Android specific dependency. Imagine a simple view that is responsible to show a movie 
details and the users comments about the movie. It needs the movie details e.g Title, Poster, Ratings, Comments, 
And is it in favorite list?, I just write the last two:

```java
public class ViewStateActivity {

    private List<String> comments;
    private boolean liked;

    public ViewStateActivity(List<String> comments, boolean liked) {
        this.comments = comments;
        this.liked = liked;
    }

    public List<String> comments() {
        return comments;
    }

    public boolean isLiked() {
        return liked;
    }
}
```
Dead simple, Also there are two abstract methods `start()` and `render()`,
the `start()` method is called only once for the entire view lifecycle,
it is called when the presenter’s `onViewUp()` is called,
we use this method to create our ViewState stream.

The second one is the `render()` method, This method is called every time there’s a new `ViewState`, Also it gets called on 
every `onViewUp()` call to deliver the last ViewState, e.g: Screen orientation


Let’s fill up these methods, I begin with the `start()` method: 

```java
public class YourPresenterUni extends SlickPresenterUni<ViewActivity, ViewStateActivity> {

    /* ... */

    /**
    * This method is only called once
    */
    @Override
    protected void start(ViewActivity view) {
    int id = view.getId();
    //Command stream to execute
    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>> like = command(ViewActivity::likeMovie)
            .flatMap(liked -> repositoryMovies.like(id, liked).subscribeOn(io))//call to backend
            //map the backend result to partial view state
            .map(PartialViewStateLiked::new);

    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>> loadComments = command(ViewActivity::loadComments)
            .flatMap(ignored -> repositoryComments.load(id).subscribeOn(io))
            .map(PartialViewStateComments::new);

    //The initial view state before any call to backend which will be rendered as soon as possible
    ViewStateActivity initialState = new ViewStateActivity(Collections.emptyList(), false);
    //Merges the partial view state stream into one stream
    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>>	viewStateStream = merge(like, loadComments);
    //Key method, This will join each upcoming PartialViewState into a new ViewStateActivity
    reduce(initialState, viewStateStream).subscribe(this);//<--- Don't forget to call subscribe(this) !!!
    //Or use this version of the method which takes care of this
    // subscribe(initialState, viewStateStream);

	
    }
}
```
There are two key methods here the `command()` and `reduce()` methods, I will dedicate another post to explain whats 
``going on under the hood, But for now I just explain what they do. 

![How Commands and Reduce works](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/880/1*D4Zxe8gKFTtoF4LcZ8CoNw.gif)

So what is a command? Commands are given to execute, e.g: A General commands its solders to march or fire or whatever
that they do 😄

Same analogy here, Your app has commands too, e.g: Post a picture, Like a comment, These commands need to be executed 
and their result should be delivered to View. There comes the ViewState.

But every command’s result is a subset of this class, So we need another class to represent the partial data updates. 
Meet the `PartialViewState<ViewState>` interface, every command result should return an instance of this interface,
here is an implementation for movie favorite state:

```java
public class PartialViewStateLiked implements PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity> {

    private boolean isLiked;

    public PartialViewStateLiked(boolean isLiked) {
        this.isLiked = isLiked;
    }

    @Override
    public ViewStateExample reduce(ViewStateExample state) {
        return new ViewStateActivity(state.text(), isLiked);
    }
}
```

As you can see we create a new ViewState and change only the part which has updated. 
Using AutoValue is highly recommended here.

And here is the `ViewActivity` interface:

```java
public interface ViewActivity {

    Observable<Integer> loadComments();

    Observable<Boolean> likeMovie();

    void showComments(List<String> comments);
    
    void showNoComments();

    void setLike(boolean liked);
    
    int getId();
}
```

The first two are command stream methods that we saw earlier.

Here is a simple implementation of `likeMovie()` :

```java
@Overide
public Observable<Boolean> likeMovie(){
    return RxCompoundButton.checkedChanges(likeView).throttleLast(1, TimeUnit.SECONDS);
}
```

And finally the last part last part is rendering the ViewStates to View:

```java
@Override
protected void render(@NonNull ViewStateActivity state, @NonNull ViewActivity view) {
    if (!state.comments().isEmpty()) view.showComments(state.comments());
    else view.showNoComments();
    view.setLike(state.isLiked());
}
```

That's it.

Did you notice we didn’t bother ourselves with any View or Presenter lifecycle spaghetti code!?
We don’t even need to check for `getView() == null` in our code anymore,
Bonus tip, that was just the Hollywood Principle: "Don't call us! We call you!"

Commit message:

Update to wiki
Hi!
I took the trouble to improve a little bit the english description of your wiki.
Hope you like it!
Kind regards,
Santiago.

docs/SlickPresenterUni.md, after:

### Slick Unidirectional Data Flow and Immutable ViewState (UDFIVE)

To use this feature you need to pull its package and extend the `SlickPresenterUni<V, S>` :
```groovy
implementation 'com.mrezanasirloo:slick-reactive:x.x.x'
```

```java
public class YourPresenterUni extends SlickPresenterUni<ViewActivity, ViewStateActivity> {

    public YourPresenterUni(Scheduler main, Scheduler io) {
        super(main, io);
    }

    /**
    * This method is only called once
    */
    @Override
    protected void start(ViewActivity view) {
        
    }
	
    /**
    * Abstract method to update the view, It's called every time there's a new viewState and
    * on every onViewUp call to deliver the latest view state, e.g: screen orientation
    */
    @Override
    protected void render(@NonNull ViewStateActivity state, @NonNull ViewActivity view) {
        
    }
}
```
First of all! What is `ViewStateActivity`? It’s a simple Immutable POJO class that holds the view’s state. 
It doesn't contains any Android specific dependency. Imagine a simple view that is responsible to show movie 
details like title, poster, ratings, comments or if you liked the movie or not. An example using the last two details would be:

```java
public class ViewStateActivity {

    private List<String> comments;
    private boolean liked;

    public ViewStateActivity(List<String> comments, boolean liked) {
        this.comments = comments;
        this.liked = liked;
    }

    public List<String> comments() {
        return comments;
    }

    public boolean isLiked() {
        return liked;
    }
}
```
Dead simple. 

The presneter has two abstract methods for overriding: `start()` and `render()`.

The `start()` method is called only once for the entire view lifecycle.
When the presenter’s `onViewUp()` is called, we use this method to create 
our ViewState stream.

The `render()` method is called every time there’s a new `ViewState`. It will get called on 
every `onViewUp()` call to deliver the last ViewState (e.g: Screen orientation).


Let’s fill up these methods. I'll begin with the `start()` method: 

```java
public class YourPresenterUni extends SlickPresenterUni<ViewActivity, ViewStateActivity> {

    /* ... */

    /**
    * This method is only called once
    */
    @Override
    protected void start(ViewActivity view) {
    int id = view.getId();
    //Command stream to execute
    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>> like = command(ViewActivity::likeMovie)
            .flatMap(liked -> repositoryMovies.like(id, liked).subscribeOn(io))//call to backend
            //map the backend result to partial view state
            .map(PartialViewStateLiked::new);

    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>> loadComments = command(ViewActivity::loadComments)
            .flatMap(ignored -> repositoryComments.load(id).subscribeOn(io))
            .map(PartialViewStateComments::new);

    //The initial view state before any call to backend which will be rendered as soon as possible
    ViewStateActivity initialState = new ViewStateActivity(Collections.emptyList(), false);
    //Merges the partial view state stream into one stream
    Observable<PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity>>	viewStateStream = merge(like, loadComments);
    //Key method, This will join each upcoming PartialViewState into a new ViewStateActivity
    reduce(initialState, viewStateStream).subscribe(this);//<--- Don't forget to call subscribe(this) !!!
    //Or use this version of the method which takes care of this
    // subscribe(initialState, viewStateStream);

	
    }
}
```
There are two key methods here: the `command()` and `reduce()` methods. I will dedicate another post to explain whats 
``going on under the hood, But for now I'll explain what they do. 

![How Commands and Reduce works](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/880/1*D4Zxe8gKFTtoF4LcZ8CoNw.gif)

So what is a command? Commands are given to execute, e.g: A General commands its solders to march or fire or whatever
that they do 😄

Same analogy here, Your app has commands too, e.g: Post a picture, Like a comment, These commands need to be executed 
and their result should be delivered to View. There comes the ViewState.

But every command’s result is a subset of this class, So we need another class to represent the partial data updates. 
Meet the `PartialViewState<ViewState>` interface, every command result should return an instance of this interface,
here is an implementation for movie favorite state:

```java
public class PartialViewStateLiked implements PartialViewState<ViewStateActivity> {

    private boolean isLiked;

    public PartialViewStateLiked(boolean isLiked) {
        this.isLiked = isLiked;
    }

    @Override
    public ViewStateExample reduce(ViewStateExample state) {
        return new ViewStateActivity(state.text(), isLiked);
    }
}
```

As you can see we create a new ViewState and change only the part which has updated. 
Using AutoValue is highly recommended here.

And here is the `ViewActivity` interface:

```java
public interface ViewActivity {

    Observable<Integer> loadComments();

    Observable<Boolean> likeMovie();

    void showComments(List<String> comments);
    
    void showNoComments();

    void setLike(boolean liked);
    
    int getId();
}
```

The first two are command stream methods that we saw earlier.

Here is a simple implementation of `likeMovie()` :

```java
@Overide
public Observable<Boolean> likeMovie(){
    return RxCompoundButton.checkedChanges(likeView).throttleLast(1, TimeUnit.SECONDS);
}
```

And finally, the last part is rendering the ViewStates to the view:

```java
@Override
protected void render(@NonNull ViewStateActivity state, @NonNull ViewActivity view) {
    if (!state.comments().isEmpty()) view.showComments(state.comments());
    else view.showNoComments();
    view.setLike(state.isLiked());
}
```

That's it.

Did you notice we didn’t bother ourselves with any View or Presenter lifecycle spaghetti code?
We don’t even need to check for `getView() == null` in our code anymore.
Bonus tip: that was just the Hollywood Principle: "Don't call us! We call you!"
